Servants remember
Defenders are not vacant
The daughter of Prime Minister Shen's family
presumptuous
The day the emperor died
The Fifth Prince and Prime Minister Shen should cooperate internally and externally
Collaboration and treason
Shen Xingyao, the daughter of the sinner, had a bad relationship with King Qi before entering the palace
How to deserve the back position
The royal bloodline cannot be broken
If Qin Guiren is snubbed again tonight
Don't recognize me as a mother in the future
Children have plans
Please don't worry too much
State affairs first
I will retire first
Aunt Dowager
Just think of a way.
I have already said this, but I haven't thought of a way yet.
You don't know what the emperor's temper is
Emperor Qin Guiren has always been favored by the Empress Dowager
Are you going to Lixia Palace tonight?
Qin Guodong holds a heavy fist
If his daughter is pregnant with Dragon Temple
I'm afraid my position will be unstable
Right?
Did you find out the identity of Xiao Xingzi?
The emperor reported to the guards in the past last night that Xiao Xingzi went in the direction of the cold palace
Cold Palace
Yeah, I think this house wine is pretty strong.
The scenery, Eunuch Chen should help me deliver the wine to the imperial kitchen
You go tomorrow.
Help me get the silver back
In this way, we will soon save enough money to leave the palace.